1. What is PHP and what is it used for?
PHP is a server-side scripting language that is used for web development. 
It is used to create dynamic websites and web applications.

2. What are the features of PHP?
PHP supports various databases (MySQL, Oracle, etc.),
has in-built support for session management,
provides various mathematical functions and regular expression functions, 
and supports the creation of dynamic images.

3. What is the difference between PHP and HTML?
HTML is a markup language used to structure and display content on the web,
while PHP is a server-side scripting language used to add dynamic functionality to a website.

4. What is a PHP session and how does it work?
A PHP session is a way to store information on the server about the user and their activity on the website. 
It uses a unique session ID to identify the user and the information is stored on the 
server for the duration of the session.

5. How do you connect to a database in PHP?
PHP provides the mysql_connect() function to connect to a MySQL database. 
The function requires the database host name, username, and password to connect to the database.

6 .What is a PHP array and how is it used?
A PHP array is a variable that can store multiple values of different data types. 
It is used to store and retrieve data in an organized way.

7. What is the difference between single quotes and double quotes in PHP?
Single quotes are faster than double quotes because they are not parsed for variables.
However, double quotes allow you to include variables within the string, while single quotes do not.

8. What is the use of the 'isset' function in PHP?
The 'isset' function in PHP is used to check if a variable has been set or not.
It returns true if the variable is set and false if it is not.

9. What is the use of the 'include' and 'require' functions in PHP?
 The 'include' and 'require' functions are used to include external files in a PHP script. 
'Require' will stop the execution of the script if the file is not found, while 'include' will produce a warning but continue execution.


10. What is the difference between the 'include' and 'require_once' functions in PHP?
The 'include' function will include the specified file each time it is called, while the 'require_once' function will include the file only once. If the file has already been included, 'require_once' will not include it again.